Support choice observers in 1.dev (#7922)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/reference/structure.rst

    Who can exercise the choice.

:ref:`choice observers <daml-ref-choice-observers>`
    ``observer`` keyword

>     Optional. Parties that aren't stakeholder but who you still want to be able to see this choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Optional. Additional parties that are guaranteed to be informed of an exercise of the choice.
```
